My strength is my ability to convert negative work environment into positive. 
At the same time, developing a supportive team.
I am also capable of keeping many projects on track and ensuring deadlines are met.
As far as my weakness is concerned, I get impatient sometimes in order to get everything done very quickly. 
To tackle the problem, I am trying to re-consider the to-do list and prioritize the tasks.
I am very comfortable working with different groups of people. 
My strength is my analytical and planning skills, developed over the years. 
It helps me to complete my work before the deadline. 
I am a little bit nervous while speaking in a group, but I have given many presentations to overcome this.
I’m a highly motivated person.
I don’t stop until I get things done. 
I value other people’s time and the company’s resources. 
I work to become an asset, not a liability. 
People say I sometimes act too much as a perfectionist. 
To counter this, I attended seminars that teach me how to manage myself well.
I have several strengths namely – I am patient, committed, honest and self-motivated. 
I am the biggest dreamer.
I have ever come across! I forgive easily and hate to keep grudges in my heart. 
My greatest weakness is that I don't like getting interrupted when I am seriously into something. 
Another one of my weaknesses is that I trust people very easily.
As I already said, I am a very patient person, so I am actively working on this lacuna. 
I am very persistent and I love to negotiate. 
These are my core strengths I believe. 
From a persistence point of view, my performance has been praiseworthy throughout the acadmics. 
I have received a rewards in every semester for my overall performance, and this is a proof of my abilities.
Besides, as I said, I have great negotiation skills. 
While negotiating, I can understand my own interests, why I want something and what I actually want; along with this, I can easily perceive the interests of the other party, which makes me a good negotiator
I am considering both logical and analytical skill as my biggest assest